[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a horror film the
super deep
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in 1984 the russian epidemiologist anna
has conducted experiments
hoping to find a vaccine for a deadly
disease but she fails several times
anna is so upset that she wants to
resign and leave the institute
her boss tries to calm her down and
persuade her to stay
later on new year's eve anna is
celebrating with her family
just then the telephone comes in it
turns out some big accidents happen in
the colabor hole
and around 20 people go missing what's
weird
strange sounds come from beneath the
surface her boss has received an order
to go there
and find out what is going on usually
cases like this will not
involve epidemiologists but this time
every worker that comes back from the
hole
develops some strange symptoms therefore
her boss would like her to come together
the group is delivered there by
helicopter upon landing
a strange man wearing a uniform
approaches them and they hear the
gunshots outside nobody inside knows
what the man really intends for
but soon the man is shot dead anna
inspects the body of the man
some weird symptoms get her attention so
she decides to collect some samples
it seems that the team leader is trying
to cutting up with anna
however the samples quickly decay after
being put into the tube
and it goes to inspect the survival
workers they all look dull and desperate
somebody even tells anna that they are
all going to die
and urges her to leave quickly and it
gets confused a lot by that
then they meet the foreign guy the
deputy head of research of the facility
they follow the tunnel and head to the
underground facility
an old expert going with them says that
where they are going is not the deepest
level
but a living quarter of the facility
that is where all strange things happen
to reach that quarter they need to
descend in an elevator that needs a code
and a key
the elevator descends at high speed
making people sick
the forward guy explains the reason why
they choose here to build the facility
there is a layer of frozen earth which
is safer to be used as a hideout
suddenly the expert stands up and
presses some buttons
the elevator then accelerates he puts on
an oxygen mask himself
while other people pass out soon when
the elevator stops
the expert runs away with the key after
a while anna wakes up
and finds that they are in the facility
located around 5000 meters below the
surface
it is somewhere like a resort level
without the elevator key
they can't go up to the surface anymore
without any choice
the group then searches for survivors on
that level they soon find a female
doctor and an engineer
who are waiting for evacuation anna
asked us where the lab is
because she needs to inspect these two
persons first
the test result seems fine and they show
no signs of infection
anna walks around and encounters the
expert unexpectedly
the expert refuses to hand out the key
because he would not let them go back to
the ground
he needs to seal them underground anna
doesn't understand his smelly man [ __ ]
and yells for the security guards then
the expert is wounded
and runs away in the elevator to a
deeper level they begin to worry that
the expert will destroy the samples here
so that they will not be able to find
out the truth later the group opened a
door covered in scratches
that read like latin this door is to the
shaft that leads to the research level
the forward guy suggests they should put
on protective suits
which are resistant to temperatures as
high as 300 degrees
four people are sent inside later but
the female doctor and the engineer are
locked inside by accident
they don't know how that happened and
maybe the door just closes by itself
while they are trying to open the door
another sealed door opens slowly
a woman with messy hair walks out it
surprises everyone that she is still
alive
anna asks her how she stays alive
without a protective suit
and if she remembers anything much to
their disappointment
she shakes her head and undresses her
clothes from the back but is terrified
to notice that her back is covered with
mold like growths
and they are moving however messy hair
doesn't seem to feel anything
anna takes some samples from her and
observes under the microscope
she notices that the mold parasitics on
cells and changes the cell structure
anna thinks it is some kind of fungus
but she has never seen anything like
this before
she has no clue of what it is soon
something happens to messy hair
her hands start to twist which scares
everyone outside
right then they hear the expert
announces over the intercom
he says that they have opened the door
to hell right when he finishes
the group hear an explosion it seems
that the explosion is caused by other
soldiers
who previously entered the facility they
can't figure out why the soldiers do
that
fortunately anna survives the explosion
the engineer suggests that they should
leave immediately otherwise they will
die soon
the colonel gives them five minutes to
prepare to leave
anna and the team leader return to the
lab and find the walls covered with mold
and messy hair's body melts to the floor
anna covers her mouth and nose with her
clothes
the colonel asked her to collect some
samples right then the dead body
suddenly blows up
and releases a cloud of spores and isn't
affected
because she has her mouth and nose
covered she finds a mask
and hides in another room but her
companion is exposed to the spores
completely
in that room anna finds the female
doctor who behaves like a monster
anna escapes the room with the help of
the engineer anna asks the engineer to
cool her down
and disinfect her for she worries that
there might be some spores
attaching to her clothes though the
engineer manages to escape
he is badly injured anna discovers that
the mold will die
if it is exposed to low temperature the
human body is the perfect host for this
mold
it will be activated by the body
temperature the frozen earth is meant to
protect the outside world from being
infected
but humans drill it through and release
the virus that has survived thousands of
years underneath
once infected they will die soon anna
hopes the colonel can contact for help
only to be told that nobody is coming to
help them they have to find their own
way out
otherwise soon they will be sealed here
they need to find the expert
and get the elevator key leaving here as
they are preparing to go down
they receive a radio broadcast sent by
other soldiers
those people are sent to investigate in
the facility but something unexpected
happens
the team leader insists on going back to
rescue his teammates
three soldiers go down but only two come
back safely
the third soldier returns with an arm
missing and kills himself in front of
everyone
and they hear horrible human screams
when the door is shut
something pounds on the door they soon
leave the terrible place
the team leader knows that he is going
to die soon so he chooses to stay
anna and other people descend in the
elevator quickly
when they reach the deepest level it is
very cold there
they find a wall of many people melted
together it seems that they are all
infected
but the mold is kept there because of
the low temperature they still can't
find the experts
but he is wounded so he must be here
around
then they find a door that leads to the
mining area
but the temperature outside there is
extremely high
the mold must not be allowed to leave
the facility the colonel decides to go
and find the experts
five minutes have passed but he hasn't
come back yet
anna starts to worries about him and
decides to go check
herself she puts on a mask and runs out
in the mist
she finds someone struggling on the
ground it is actually the colonel who
has got the key
but is dying and can't move any further
anna decides to take off the mask
and see what is on the wall she sees
glowing mold attaching the walls
she realizes that if the mold escapes
outside it will be devastating to the
whole planet
when anna returns the fluoride guy
forces her to give him the key
he wants to take all the credits and
become famous for the findings
the three of them are going to leave in
the elevator they don't go to the
surface immediately but stop at the
resort level
right there they hear screams and they
are attacked by a horrible creature
that is made out of the infected the
creature swallows the forehead guy
and absorbs him totally anna hides in
her freezer
because she knows the creature is
controlled by the mold so it must be
scared of coldness
only when the temperature is turned low
enough can she escape
anna takes off her clothes and dumps ice
water on her to escape from the creature
moments later anna finds the injured
engineer the creature breaks the wall
and runs towards them luckily you get on
the elevator quick enough
inside the elevator they discover the
infected team leader
who begins to melt into the floor and
release the spore
anna knows that they are all infected
they will die even if they return to the
ground
but the engineer insists on leaving and
wants to kill anna
the team leader saves anna he is dying
but he can still feel anna
as a return and it gives the team leader
a deep tongue massage
but passes out soon without hormone let
go
she can't stop the elevator from
ascending as a result
anna is rescued and taken to the surface
waking up knowing she is infected she
would rather die here
than become a monster so anna detonates
the grenade to kill herself
and the mold within her hoping to save
the whole humanity on earth
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out